" A hot soup will revive me ." soup revive 1 1
" He revived this style of opera ." style revive 1 1
" She designed a good excuse for not attending classes that day ." excuse design 1 1
" The colors do n't harmonize ." color harmonize 1 1
" society was infected by racism ." society infect 1 1
" The market is being clogged by these operations ." market clog 1 1
" The mother was swelling with importance when she spoke of her son ." mother swell 1 1
" Their language inclines us to believe them ." language incline 1 1
" capture the essence of Spring   ." essence capture 1 1
" The scientists had to accommodate the new results with the existing theories ." result accommodate 1 1
" She was besieged by so many problems that she got discouraged ." problem besiege 1 1
" They fastened various nicknames to each other ." nickname fasten 1 1
" He showered her with presents ." present shower 1 1
" Am I supposed to swallow that story ?" story swallow 1 1
" My skin crawled -- I was terrified ." skin crawl 1 1
" We poured money into the education of our children ." money pour 1 1
" The sun glared down on us ." sun glare 1 1
" Unrest erupted in the country ." unrest erupt 1 1
" poison someone 's mind ." mind poison 1 1
" Sales were climbing after prices were lowered ." sale climb 1 1
" This behavior will ruin your chances of winning the election ." chance ruin 1 1
" The sales tax is absorbed into the state income tax ." tax absorb 1 1
" The invaders spread their language all over the country ." language spread 1 1
" Interns have to rotate for a few months ." intern rotate 1 1
" They sifted through the job candidates ." candidate sift 1 1
" The dress molds her beautiful figure ." dress mold 1 1
" fill the child with pride ." child fill 1 1
" The listeners bolted when he discussed his strange ideas ." listener bolt 1 1
" The cancer had invaded her lungs ." lungs invade 1 1
" condense the contents of a book into a summary ." content condense 1 1
" This poses an interesting question ." question pose 1 1
