"When she hears that prisoners sometimes carve their names into logs that float downriver , she grabs her child and runs with her to the river ." 1 she grabs child 1
"The latest truce in the week-old battle , which has killed 188 and injured 534 , was arranged by Syrian President Assad and Iranian President Khamenei ." 1 which killed 188 1
"All agree that the state must diversify its industrial base to escape the recently detrimental reliance on oil , said Ron Jones , chairman of the New Orleans Business Council and president of Louisiana Coca Cola Bottling Ltd ." 1 state escape base 1
"`` It floods the area instead of having hot pinpoints of glaring light . ''" 1 it floods area 1
"Next month , A & P will roll out these jams and jellies , now sold only in New York , to its 986 stores in the U.S ." 1 a roll jams 1
"-- The justices refused to hear an antitrust appeal by actor Paul Newman and director George Roy Hill in a suit charging that MCA Inc. and its Universal City Studios Inc. unit conspired to fix the percentage of film revenue paid to artists ." 1 suit fix percentage 1
"Indiana Rep. Andrew Jacobs , a Democrat who 's neutral in the presidential-nomination contest , says Mr. Gephardt reminds him of a time in his life when he had to eat a lot of dinners at a drive-in restaurant ." 1 time eat lot 1
"The result: Some car makers are cooling their hot rods ." 1 makers cooling rods 1
"While Mr. Gorbachev preached togetherness yesterday , Romania was kicking Hungary 's ambassador out of the country ." 1 romania kicking ambassador 1
"Mr. Martineau also says the tractors reflect another Russian approach to manufacturing: `` You could melt down one Belarus and make three American tractors with the amount of metal the Russians have put in it , '' he says ." 1 you melt belarus 1
"But there were stumbling blocks from the start ." 1 there stumbling blocks 1
"`` A strong opening in platinum coupled with a weak dollar just grabbed gold by the horns and took it on up , '' he said ." 1 opening grabbed gold 1
"`` I 'm quite sure there was someone within the IBM structure that could have just reached in and fixed it . ''" 1 structure fixed it 1
"Nevertheless , they continue to pump money into the market ." 1 they pump money 1
"During the past 18 months , the Houston-based unit of Texas Air Corp. absorbed several carriers , in the process inheriting a hodge-podge of different aircraft ." 1 unit absorbed carriers 1
"`` I do n't think anyone liked the Nissan campaign , but they went out of their way not to knock it , '' says Eli Bloom , the New York GM dealer who sits on the selection committee . -LRB- Mr ." 1 they knock it 1
"`` That remark -LRB- of the official -RRB- definitely cooled the heels of the bulls , '' said Paul Clohesy , chief dealer at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. in New York ." 1 remark cooled heels 1
"The subject is Oedipus 's death , and perhaps because death is the one thing that still fills us with awe , the excellence of this scene transmits a shiver of the tragedy 's original force ." 1 that fills us 1
"The issue is particularly hot in Florida , where a coalition of civic leaders , civil libertarians and Hispanic groups went to federal court recently in an unsuccessful attempt to knock the proposed amendment off the ballot ." 1 attempt knock amendment 1
"Three former scholarship winners now fly border patrol for the U.S. Customs Service ." 1 winners fly patrol 1
"There was market speculation yesterday that senior officials of Olympia & York may have met secretly with Michael D. Dingman , chairman and chief executive officer of Henley , in an effort to smooth over a rift between the two one-time suitors for Santa Fe , a Chicago-based railroad and energy concern ." 1 effort smooth rift 1
"Karen Stern has played the harp surrounded by ice sculptures at a restaurant and as part of the display for a three-foot-high cake at a pastry competition ." 1 stern played harp 1
"The Pac Man defense is named after the video game in which characters try to eat other characters before they get eaten themselves ." 1 they eaten themselves 1
"Unself-consciously , the littlest cast member with the big voice steps into the audience in one number to open her wide cat-eyes and throat to melt the heart of one lucky patron each night ." 1 member melt heart 1
"They have had to learn through the press about the sweet terms he had struck for himself and his small management group ." 1 he struck for 1
"It was a fight that filled magazines and books and gave professors case histories for business schools ." 1 that filled books 1
"To air fresh shows through June , `` we 'd have to eat the second showing of some episodes , '' he said , which would cause a financial hit ." 1 we eat showing 1
"The lower court had enjoined the effect of its decision , pending the appeal , but the appeals court dissolved the injunction ." 1 court dissolved injunction 1
"Mr. Hauke `` is looking for a much more costly repair that is nonstandard and would knock the price beyond the the { $ 500} limit for a buy-back . ''" 1 repair knock price 1
"They are irate about new capital-adequacy requirements that force securities firms to pump at least 20 % more capital into reserves ." 1 requirements pump % 1
"When the chairman of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. flew into town a few months ago in the corporate jet , a small group of trainmen here knew they had struck a raw nerve ." 1 they struck nerve 1
"Meanwhile , the discounters and specialty stores that have grabbed sales from Sears in recent years are n't likely to stand still while it tries to catch up ." 1 that grabbed sales 1
"In recent years , Drexel has poured far more resources into areas such as high-yield , `` junk '' bonds , merger and acquisition advice and mortgage-backed securities ." 1 drexel poured resources 1
"FIAT S.P.A . , the Italian auto maker , said it agreed to step up its collaboration with CIA. TELEFONICA NACIONAL DE ESPANA S.A. of Spain in the manufacturing of telecommunications equipment ." 1 it step collaboration 1
"But Mr. Sherlund said he thinks the company has taken steps to fix that problem ." 1 steps fix problem 1
"The oil-service business has been dragging the company 's stock price down since the oil industry peaked in 1981 ." 1 business dragging price 1
"Texas Air said the sale of the hourly New York-Boston-Washington shuttle is intended to pump cash into long-ailing Eastern ." 1 sale pump cash 1
"Both the government and private industry have stepped up efforts to recruit back to Korea scientists who were trained and then stayed abroad ." 1 industry stepped efforts 1
"The Bank of England added that it is `` too early to be sure '' whether the British government 's recent efforts to cool down Britain 's overheated economy `` will prove sufficient to restore the economy to a sustainable path . ''" 1 efforts cool economy 1
"Shortly afterward , Bob Adams Inc. in Boston flooded 21 universities nationwide with 10 , 000 copies of its annual two bits of advice , a publication called `` Careers and the M.B.A . ''" 1 inc. flooded universities 1
"Investors ' fears have touched the bonds of companies not immediately identified as takeover targets ." 1 fears touched bonds 1
"Critics argue that Barclays 's expansion simply will fill its loan book with bad debts nobody else wants , a contention bank officials dispute ." 1 expansion fill book 1
"`` I thought I was eating him alive , '' recalled a rueful Mr. Bailey of a long-ago debate ." 1 i eating him 1
"In his previous handling of the case , Judge Brieant roundly attacked the merits of the Pennzoil judgment ." 1 brieant attacked merits 1
"And the $ 300 million sunflower industry is faring far worse than the $ 10.5 billion soybean industry , which is large enough to absorb short-term setbacks ." 1 industry absorb setbacks 1
"He adds , `` We 're trying very hard to avoid the Halley 's comet syndrome -- where you grab everything in sight and then you vanish . ''" 1 you grab everything 1
"Fed officials hope for signs soon that the economy is slowing , which would cool the need for further rate increases ." 1 which cool need 1
"But Cameloot was just another loser among the entries that flooded the offices of Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. during a contest to name its planned $ 290 million castle-theme resort ." 1 that flooded offices 1
"Most of the machinery in Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 800 million auto plant in Georgetown , Ky . , came from Japan , for example , and Toyota spokesmen say that when the first cars roll off the assembly line this spring , 40 % of the total value will be imported ." 1 cars roll line 1
"In 1986 , the company slipped into the red with a loss of 40 million marks on massive inventory write-downs on out-of-fashion products that missed new leisure trends set by emerging competitors ." 1 that missed trends 1
"It just eats your soul . ''" 1 it eats soul 1
"`` No one 's knocking down the door anymore , '' said Paul Lovegren , senior account executive at Wassendorf & Son Co . , Cedar Falls , Iowa ." 1 one knocking door 1
"The arrangement would break new legal ground as a means for an insurer to escape its own potential liability by piggybacking on the Chapter 11 reorganization of a former policyholder ." 1 insurer escape liability 1
"While American and Delta airlines have reputations as places `` where people really like to work , '' employees at Eastern and Continental `` roll their eyes '' when asked about their jobs , said Southern Illinois University associate professor David A. NewMyer ." 1 employees roll eyes 1
"Though Telepictures was considered a high-flying entrepreneurial company when it merged with Lorimar , Lorimar 's troubles dragged the company down after the merger , and Mr. Garin clashed over strategy and style with Lorimar Chairman Merv Adelson ." 1 troubles dragged company 1
"The U.S. and Pakistan long had sought such a `` front-loading '' of the agreement to ensure that the Soviets do n't reap the political benefits of beginning a withdrawal , and then drag their feet in carrying it out ." 1 agreement drag feet 1
"`` I 'm going to roll up my sleeves and make this work . ''" 1 m roll sleeves 1
"Senator Kennedy , and the handful of legislators who knew about the secret provision , intended to kill two unfriendly newspapers ." 1 kennedy kill newspapers 1
"The suspension likely will accelerate inter-union warfare , as the electricians step up their recruitment drive at new sites , while other unions try to grab electricians ' members in factories where they represent the minority , Mr. Metcalfe says ." 1 unions grab members 1
"Gillette Co. stepped up its attack on Coniston Partners , a New York investment group seeking four seats on Gillette 's board , saying Coniston acts on behalf of `` a web of as yet unidentified and undisclosed investors , '' including foreigners ." 1 co. stepped attack 1
"Mr. Guy , a N.M. Rothschild & Sons director , said his bank and four other London bullion houses -- Mocatta & Goldsmid Ltd . , Sharps Pixley Ltd . , Samuel Montagu & Co. and Mase Wespac Ltd . -- will continue to carry out the 60-year-old tradition of fixing the price of gold twice a day ." 1 tradition fixing price 1
"Besides if Mikhail Gorbachev wants to spend all those resources so the East bloc 's skaters and lugers can pump revenue into ABC , it 's fine with us ." 1 skaters pump revenue 1
"For the record , this was the second straight season in which the Redskins came to Chicago to knock the home team out of the playoffs ." 1 season knock team 1
